Retrieval-augmented generation
shouldn't mean stitching a dozen tools by hand.
Unified RAG Studio is a single workspace:
walk seventeen guided stages in the Designer,
or start from your documents in Autopilot —
then evaluate, harden, and export
what you actually ship.
Two front doors.
Same truth under the hood.
Designer is for explicit control — cloud through vector store,
query processing and retrieval, context compression and reranking,
generation and routing, memory, evaluation, observability and tools,
guardrails, human-in-the-loop, and a final review.
Autopilot is for running optimisation passes over your corpus
when you want the system to propose a strong baseline.
You're not hunting for the next file to edit —
the stage rail is the contract.
Configure cloud and ingestion, shape chunks, pick embeddings
and the vector store, optionally tune query processing, then tighten retrieval.
As you move forward, the UI and cost estimates update
so you catch bad pairings before you export.
Production RAG isn't only accuracy —
it's what you allow through.
Guardrails let you set input and output policies
so safety rides with the orchestration layer.
Human in the Loop is its own stage when you need explicit human gates.
When you'd rather iterate from real files,
Autopilot runs structured passes —
chunking, embeddings, retrieval, evaluation —
and you get something you can inspect and edit back in Designer.
Treat it as a smart draft.
Not a black box.
Before you freeze the config,
you want receipts:
what retrieved, with what scores, how fast.
Tweak retrieval or chunking, rerun,
and decide with data — not vibes.
When the pipeline is grounded,
export the artifacts your team expects —
Python, YAML, Terraform, Compose, Kubernetes —
and wire into deployment.
Operational signals live where you
already run the stack.
If you're done duct-taping RAG pipelines,
open Unified RAG Studio.
Walk the seventeen stages —
or let Autopilot draft your first-pass config.
Start free, or book a walkthrough —
we'll meet you where you ship.